Kostadis Roussos: Hello, Joe.
Joe Beda: Hello!
Kostadis Roussos: Just want you to know that I'm blaming… I'm blaming Craig for everything.
Joe Beda: I mean, he can take it. He's a big boy.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, just want you to know. I'm saying that, you know, he's taking advantage of your innocent demeanor.
Joe Beda: Haha.
Joe Beda: Let's see.
Kostadis Roussos: Just want you to know.
Joe Beda: Oh, man, it's been busy, busy. How are you doing?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm doing great. Joe's getting used to working again.
Joe Beda: Yeah, I'm not, I'm not using it for sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, Joe's kind of, like, going, why did I do this to myself?
Kostadis Roussos: Or maybe he's not.
Kostadis Roussos: Or maybe he's not, maybe he's kind of like…
Joe Beda: No, I definitely am, and now I have to, like, send somebody an email real quick, because, like, they're like.
Joe Beda: I booked a meeting, but I never got the invite, and it's like…
Joe Beda: I'm pretty sure it's your fault, but… whatevs.
Joe Beda: I mean, maybe the problem is that you're coming from a hotmail address.
Mike Hall: Is Hotmail still a thing?
Joe Beda: Oh, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh yeah, dude.
Joe Beda: It's now sort of… it's like, you know, it's the Outlook, Outlook, Express type of thing, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: You didn't know that it was still a thing?
Mike Hall: Well, I mean, they got, like, they rolled up into Microsoft, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Joe Beda: Oh yeah, a long time ago.
Mike Hall: Generally speaking, most of the stuff that Microsoft touches… Nice. …tends to just slowly corrode until it rusts and fall apart.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, this thing managed to… you see, email is one of those things where even Yahoo Mail still gets a lot of users.
Mike Hall: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean…
Joe Beda: They'll have AOL.com accounts.
Gabe: And he'll go, really? Huh.
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
Gabe: Oh, AOL died, like…
Kostadis Roussos: I did.
Mike Hall: Whoa.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, it did, and then there was a private equity firm, which you might be familiar with, which purchased the company, and the purpose of purchasing the company was to continue to retain those email accounts, because it figured out some way to make money off of it.
Mike Hall: Or to saddle it with a whole lot of debt. Okay, I just checked.
Joe Beda: You can go to AOL.com and create a new email account in today's day and age. And Year of Our Lord 2026,
Joe Beda: You can indeed create an AOL account.
Mike Hall: There you go.
Gabe: Perfect.
Kostadis Roussos: Interesting.
Joe Beda: want to cosplay as being 90.
Kostadis Roussos: Dude, I think I should create an AOL account. It'll totally, totally cause the Vibe at work to go crazy.
Mike Hall: That's funny.
Joe Beda: MyOpenClawbot at AOL.com.
Mike Hall: Exactly.
Kostadis Roussos: If you say so.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I did put a summary, some summary, if you guys recall it.
Kostadis Roussos: If not, I can quickly just remind you that you are in the midst of a flashback, heading back from Candle Keep… heading to Candle to keep from…
Kostadis Roussos: The Silvery Marches, which is sort of like… Over here.
Kostadis Roussos: You are currently in Daggerford.
Mike Hall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: This is all a flashback.
Kostadis Roussos: Because I thought it'd be fun if we remembered… if you guys saw what happened in the world while you were, you know, as a result of your actions. All right!
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, plus, you know, it gives me an opportunity to do worldbuilding and storytelling and narrative stuff before we go into killing and destroying and harming and saving the world.
Kostadis Roussos: I thought that would be funny. All right, okay, that had landed… that landed poorly. All right.
Kostadis Roussos: As a side note.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see… Yeah.
Joe Beda: So, Ben, tell us about that house. Was it really an evil lair? I mean, what do they do for window coverings? Anything?
Ben Pfaff: You know, some of the windows, had, had, had, had coverings, but really, it was… it… the whole house is a giant spiral, and, it's…
Ben Pfaff: It's so dramatic. It's not the one that we're actually going to put an offer in on, which will probably be doing that tomorrow on a different house.
Gabe: That's exciting.
Mike Hall: Yeah, that's cool, congrats, man.
Gabe: Huh.
Mike Hall: Hunting for a house, finding a house, selling a house, buying a house, are all kind of, like…
Mike Hall: Two parts excitement, and one part, like.
Ben Pfaff: You're terrified.
Mike Hall: Yeah, exactly.
Ben Pfaff: I… I am terrified.
Ben Pfaff: The, the one that we are putting a,
Ben Pfaff: an offer in on, has… has a view of all three, of the big Bay Area bridges. You can see the San Mateo Bridge, the Bay Bridge, and the Golden Gate Bridge from its backyard.
Mike Hall: Is this the one you mentioned, that you were afraid that by the time you found a realtor, like, it would already be gone, kind of thing?
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, but we… we found a realtor. Got a recommendation from a friend.
Kostadis Roussos: Can I… can I make one comment?
Kostadis Roussos: One thing that's creeping me out is that there are sets of products that have had zero feature iteration in years.
Kostadis Roussos: But thanks to, I'm guessing, AI, are now getting rapid feature iteration.
Kostadis Roussos: Zoom is what… Zoom is one of those products. There was a feature that I'd been longing for for months and years, and suddenly it popped into my browser.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, neat.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, the feature was that whenever you would shrink the zoom.
Kostadis Roussos: It would always collapse to 2, but now it will collapse to 4… 4 tiles.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, when you… it would always go, like, literal, it wouldn't… they wouldn't know how to shrink to 4 tiles.
Joe Beda: Do you do Zoom in the browser?
Kostadis Roussos: No, I do presume on my… on desktop.
Gabe: Huh, if…
Joe Beda: No, you don't show your own tile. I always show my… I'm like, how do you have four? Because I have…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, well, I don't show my tell, because I discovered… I read… I read somewhere where that's bad for your cognitive load.
Joe Beda: I just have a tendency to stare at myself, because I'm very narcissistic, apparently.
Ben Pfaff: I had trouble with it for, like, the first year doing a lot of Zoom, and then I don't even notice anymore.
Gabe: Yeah…
Mike Hall: Well, I don't know that that's a narcissism thing. It's probably, like, you… it's like a quality assurance to check on your setup.
Joe Beda: I mean, let's be clear, like…
Mike Hall: It's classic.
Joe Beda: narcissist, I'm staring at a pond and looking at my reflection.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, you arrive in,
Kostadis Roussos: Let me see… and Dagger Ford, right?
Joe Beda: Dagger something, I see Dagger FO, Dagger Foo.
Kostadis Roussos: Dagger Ford. Dagger Ford.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Daggerford is quiet, but a different quiet than the silvery marches. The townfolk move carefully. No one explains why.
Kostadis Roussos: You should notice an inn called the River Shining Tavern.
Kostadis Roussos: Where you stop for the night.
Mike Hall: Okay.
Ben Pfaff: River Shining.
Mike Hall: By the way, quick question, I missed last session. There was no, like…
Mike Hall: We didn't level, obviously, because it was a flashback, or, like, I didn't need to do anything to my character.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, your character.
Joe Beda: There was an opportunity to spend a lot of money, though.
Mike Hall: Oh, and I didn't do that, probably.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, you can retro… retcon yourself. You were in Waterdeep, if you wanted to buy anything, there's Orla's famous magic shop that has… remember the place that, what's his name? Whistler wanted to rob?
Kostadis Roussos: The interdimensional…
Mike Hall: Interdimensional magic shop.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, that Whistler was very determined to rob.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah. And I, as the GM, declared, no, no, there are limits to what I'm letting Whistler get away with.
Gabe: Well, he was lower level then. We never circled back on that.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, but then he became good.
Gabe: Yeah, the whole bear thing, fair enough.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. Then he became good, because when he had an opportunity to steal the entire horde of Tiamat, he only stole what was necessary for, legitimate expenses, operating goals.
Kostadis Roussos: you know, day-to-day funds per diems.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, that's… that's what he… that's what he stole.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Mike Hall: Can we get rare things from there, and how much do rare things cost?
Kostadis Roussos: You ask the GM.
Mike Hall: What would a cloak of displacement cost for me?
Kostadis Roussos: Oof.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, what a cloak of displacement. Alright, give me a second.
Mike Hall: I just have a little armor class, so I'm looking for a little help.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, I know, but, like, Ring of Protection Plus One also works.
Joe Beda: Yeah, but that's.
Mike Hall: See, that's plus one, this gives everybody disadvantage when they're trying to come after me.
Kostadis Roussos: Until they hit you.
Mike Hall: Until I take damage, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so just to be clear, it does have the downs… it's useful, but I'm just saying it's…
Mike Hall: These are opening just 10.
Joe Beda: Thank you, because I got the mithril plate, which, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: By the way, what's your, what's your armor?
Joe Beda: too.
Kostadis Roussos: What's your armor class, just so I know?
Mike Hall: 11?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so that raises your armor class to a 14 until you're hit.
Kostadis Roussos: That's true.
Mike Hall: I might want to go with something else, like maybe…
Kostadis Roussos: Ring of protection plus one or two, depending on…
Mike Hall: Bracers of Defense?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, braces of Defense are also another option, yes, that is true.
Mike Hall: Because I'm not wearing armor or a shield.
Kostadis Roussos: That is true. You are not.
Mike Hall: So how much would those cost?
Kostadis Roussos: Give me a second, I will tell you.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, were you saying, bracers?
Mike Hall: Bracers of Defense.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, the, the 6,000 GP.
Mike Hall: What do I have?
Kostadis Roussos: I, I think…
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm, I had.
Mike Hall: A thousand, and how much of what's in the party is mine?
Joe Beda: I think we were all spending between $1,000 and $3,000, depending on, you know.
Joe Beda: We were, we were sitting around.
Mike Hall: $6,000 might be… 6,000 would be a bit excessive.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Joe Beda: Yeah, you'd be, you know, you'd maybe have to skip the next one if we even have the funds right now.
Kostadis Roussos: Ring of Protection is 3,500, so 3 thousandths.
Gabe: I had put the math in Discord, let me try to find it.
Mike Hall: I can do a ring of protection, that's fine.
Joe Beda: So why isn't ringing protection so much? It's just because, like, for characters that need it, they need it, and there's not much else you can do, right?
Kostadis Roussos: move.
Ben Pfaff: That sounds like a good rationale to me.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, it improves your armor class and your saving throws. You get a plus one to both AC and all of your saving throws.
Kostadis Roussos: That's the big win for it.
Joe Beda: The saving throws, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? The AC plus 1 is good, but the saving throw to bonuses… so that helps you with both area of effect spells and spells that target you.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? So the problem with AC is it doesn't help you on an area of effect spell, or an effect spell.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Your fireball. Having to hire…
Mike Hall: I had a cloak of elvenkind, anyway.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you had that… you had the drowell Cloak of Elvenkind that can't be used in the day.
Mike Hall: Oh, I can't… so I can't be using that right now.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but… but in the daylight.
Mike Hall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, Cloak of Elvenkind, just for those who care… And then…
Kostadis Roussos: Oke of Eldenkind. I had this open.
Mike Hall: Okay, well now my armor classes is 12, let me go… dump.
Mike Hall: my gold.
Mike Hall: I'm gonna dump a thousand out of my inventory.
Mike Hall: Remove…
Mike Hall: You said it was three and a half… three and a half, or two and a half? How much was it?
Kostadis Roussos: Two, three and a half.
Mike Hall: Three and a half? Okay, so I'm gonna take two and a half out of the party.
Mike Hall: Wait, it said 9,000, and I took two and a half out, and now it says 1,200. Is that because the 9,000 was old?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, probably.
Joe Beda: Yeah, I think so.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Mike Hall: So we didn't even have enough for me to buy that. The other thing.
Kostadis Roussos: That's true.
Joe Beda: I said, if we did even have enough…
Mike Hall: Cool.
Kostadis Roussos: So, Cloak of Element Klein gives you,
Kostadis Roussos: Made to proceed… gives you, sex… it makes it easier for you to sneak around.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so if you're, like.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. Okay, cool. Alright, so, hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you arrive in Daggerford. As you're going through Daggerford, you notice a brawn-cast severed forearm, and hand-mounted on a stone pillar in the village square.
Kostadis Roussos: And… If anyone wants to explore that, or you just walk by?
Ben Pfaff: I didn't quite catch the description, even.
Kostadis Roussos: The hand… you see a bronze-cast, severed forearm and hound mounted on a stone pillar in the village square.
Ben Pfaff: A severed forearm, so it's specifically, like, reflecting an injured forearm?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, severed.
Joe Beda: So, dismembered… okay.
Mike Hall: I'll take a look at it.
Joe Beda: Wait, wait, is it holding a weapon?
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: It was not.
Gabe: This is art? Like…
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, you could go look at it, I mean, I'm just…
Joe Beda: To be clear, we know that none of us die, because we made it. I mean, it's like the flashback in the movie where you're like, well, I know nobody dies in this scene.
Kostadis Roussos: Or does… or do they? There are things such as doppelgangers.
Joe Beda: Okay, okay, you know, good enough point, yeah, I hear what you're saying.
Kostadis Roussos: And there's always raised dead spells, and there's, you know… dude, this is Dungeons & Dragons, come on, man.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Ben Pfaff: I can bring somebody back pretty quickly.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you read an inscription that says that this is in honor of a paladin, Travis Houlin, who died here three years ago, breaking a cult of the Dragonstelle that had been recruiting in Dagger Fort.
Kostadis Roussos: There's also a small inscription in Dwarven on the base reading, The move is yours.
Kostadis Roussos: Which is the same line under the Castle Ward statue in Waterdeep, where Stroud was.
Mike Hall: The move… oh, it's like, the chess… a reference to the chess thing.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes.
Ben Pfaff: Do we remember any, severed… any specific severed forearms?
Kostadis Roussos: No, you don't. This is a,
Kostadis Roussos: What you do notice is, as you look at it carefully, as you look at the Travis Lyons description, you notice that he was a
Kostadis Roussos: Paladin of Bahamut.
Ben Pfaff: Oh.
Ben Pfaff: Well, does this mean anything to me as, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, it's interesting to you.
Ben Pfaff: Bahama?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, it's interesting to you that there's a… you know, now that you've noticed that there seems to be some contention about the Stroud event, it's interesting to see a statue dedicated to a
Kostadis Roussos: Paladin of Bahamut, with a mark… with a statement in Dwarvish, the move is yours.
Ben Pfaff: In Dwarvish. Hmm…
Kostadis Roussos: A second inscription smaller in common on the back of the pillar is, Witnessed and recorded for the gauntlet. Miro Milo Glutbarrell, by the head of his publisher, Ledger of the Year.
Kostadis Roussos: Apparently,
Kostadis Roussos: Travis was the Order of the Gauntlet, and Milo personally signed off on the Daggerford Monument. Apparently, you know, Milo was a member of the Order of the Gauntlet, artistic director kind of thing. So, after that, you arrive at dinner.
Kostadis Roussos: You arrive at the inn, And,
Kostadis Roussos: A woman, while you're trying to have dinner quietly, Meredith of the Ford, a weaver by trade, when she sees her holy symbol, walks up to you.
Kostadis Roussos: And says.
Kostadis Roussos: My daughter Ellen is 7 years old and has been silent for 6 days. She draws the same shh.
Kostadis Roussos: shape on every flat surface. She talks in her sleep. She says it is only the shape that holds. Please, we have asked the temples. The temples have no answer. Will you look at her?
Ben Pfaff: Yes, I, I will, I will examine, her.
Kostadis Roussos: We will examine her. Alright, roll a DC18.
Ben Pfaff: Dc18 what?
Kostadis Roussos: medicine.
Ben Pfaff: Medicine.
Kostadis Roussos: If somebody else wishes to help, they can help.
Ben Pfaff: I could use some help.
Mike Hall: I'll help… I don't know if that helps.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, I…
Mike Hall: Doesn't me helping just allow him to roll twice? Yes.
Ben Pfaff: I rolled… oh, okay, well, that, that, that oughta…
Mike Hall: Yeah, that's better than me rolling and getting.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Helping means the other person rolls twice.
Mike Hall: Yeah, okay, so… so Ben rolls twice.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, I still only got a 10. Oops.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, rolling through.
Ben Pfaff: badly here.
Kostadis Roussos: As you look at her, you definitely get the impression that she is not well.
Kostadis Roussos: And you do know from past experience that lesser restoration tends to help.
Joe Beda: I mean, Lightbringer can…
Kostadis Roussos: Lightblinger jumps in, I can deal with this.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, oh, really?
Joe Beda: Yeah, Dawnbringer, I mean.
Kostadis Roussos: Don… Don Bringer.
Kostadis Roussos: goes…
Kostadis Roussos: Let's be… he… Don Bringer takes on a very pompous voice and says, Let's me bring the light to you, and lesser restoration.
Kostadis Roussos: Ellen speaks once more and says, the wells are not wells anymore.
Kostadis Roussos: And, then it's silent.
Kostadis Roussos: You realize that something… this is not a disease, it's something is weird about how the world is reaching her ears.
Kostadis Roussos: the madness that you've seen in the Underdark seems to be… Affecting people.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, there's all the people… Hearing voices?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, hearing voices, there's people make… like, the madness seems to be slipping into the surface world.
Ben Pfaff: That's… that's bad. Is, is there any, evidence of,
Ben Pfaff: any sort of fungal infection? No. No. Okay, so it's… it's not limited to fungus.
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Gabe: Cristad, as you said, it seems as though it's affecting the things going… like, the…
Gabe: The input of audio into her ears, or something?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I mean, I'm trying to, like, I'm trying to basically say she… it's some… it's something, like, she's…
Kostadis Roussos: She's not processing the world. It's not a disease, it's something else.
Ben Pfaff: It's USB D&D.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Something is twisting her brain that is not medical.
Gabe: Are there any…
Joe Beda: mushrooms around.
Kostadis Roussos: I shouldn't have used the word structurally.
Ben Pfaff: I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: to myself.
Kostadis Roussos: What I'm trying to say is that she hears things that don't exist.
Ben Pfaff: She's having hallucinations, audio.
Kostadis Roussos: And the hallucinations are not magic, they're… they're something more profound than a lesser restoration can fix.
Gabe: But you think it's something interior to her, the weather… Yes, I…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yes, it's interior. It's not, it's not,
Kostadis Roussos: an exterior effect. That's not something that can be slapped.
Gabe: Trapp alert!
Kostadis Roussos: Or grappled.
Gabe: Goods.
Gabe: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and… you know… Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And,
Kostadis Roussos: Inside, the village priest walks in, and he's looking very pleased with himself, and carrying a small reproduction medallion of Traverse's hand in a caster… in a cast in a pewter. FOR DONATIONS INTO THE GAUTLET!
Kostadis Roussos: Anybody want to buy… to buy a, a, a… Travis Hand cast in Pewter.
Ben Pfaff: That's… are they full size?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, they're small miniature things.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, just, just little charm-like things.
Joe Beda: Teaching.
Ben Pfaff: Sure, sure, I'll donate to… I don't know, what are they asking?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, whatever, whatever, whatever the great Dru- whatever the, whatever you would like, he notices that you're a cleric of a homet. Yes, another one of our fellow clerics!
Ben Pfaff: I'll drop in a gold piece.
Kostadis Roussos: You drop it. Well then! Excellent! Excellent!
Kostadis Roussos: And he turns to the three of you. You, fair dwarf, and he looks at you.
Kostadis Roussos: And stares at Daz for a moment. Very confused.
Kostadis Roussos: Neither of the three of you, and the Dragonborn, so, like, you know, he's kind of, like, very confused. There's a half-orc cleric of Bahamut, a Dragonborn, a dwarf that…
Kostadis Roussos: You know, and it drows, kind of like the opening scene in a joke.
Ben Pfaff: And they all walk into the inn.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, they all walk into the inn, so he's like, will any of you fair sirs be willing to buy one of these pewter, one of these, these,
Kostadis Roussos: is, the, these, hand casts?
Ben Pfaff: Well, I already bought one, but I'd like to hear more about it. What can you tell me?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, what I can tell… oh, I'm really glad you could hear it. Well, you know, after the war ended, the Order of the Gauntlet set up this massive statue outside in honor of Travis, who sadly passed away in the great battles of the Cult of the Dragon. He was defeated by some corrupt members of our society that had been recruiting a daggerford.
Kostadis Roussos: The casting was funded two years post-war by a Metal Workers Guild. We may have been Stroud School sponsored, we think, but I do not believe in that heresy of the Stroudites.
Kostadis Roussos: I am a pure Bahamatian.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, as, as am I. But the inscription here, shares that with Stroud. Why is that?
Kostadis Roussos: He looks to the left, he looks to the route.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I believe the dwar… the mining guild may have been Stroud… there may have been Stroudouts. Straudites in the mining guild.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: But it was a gift! And since it was a gift, we decided that the inscription could remain. After all, wasn't Travis trying to save us all, regardless of what actually happened in that game of chess?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Ben Pfaff: I… I want to look closer at this… at this statue. Is there anything unusual about it, other than, you know, it being a severed arm?
Kostadis Roussos: No, it's just a fairly garden-variety statue. I mean, there's… it's, you know, the thing you're drawing is that the war… the War of the Dragon,
Kostadis Roussos: pretty much affected every community in the North.
Kostadis Roussos: That's, like, what you're drawing. It's like, every community in the North was hit in some way, shape, or form, right? It, like, either dragons blew them apart, they were attacked by raiding cults, they were burned to the ground, they were pillaged.
Ben Pfaff: I remember seeing parts of that.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, right. So every part… so every part of the north. So this is just one more example of that going on. What is different is that whereas the blue area on the map was affected by the giant, the post-giant war Othgaritian barbarian hordes, this is not.
Kostadis Roussos: that they were… the dagger Ford was sufficiently south that the barbarians never made it to it.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so…
Ben Pfaff: So, they were hit by the dragons, but not the barbarians.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Finally, you arrive, and so, after a day or so, you head off to… you continue heading out south.
Kostadis Roussos: Hit Bureau Gost.
Kostadis Roussos: Which is right here.
Kostadis Roussos: Which is the last stop before Candlekeep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, come on.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, barragost is the last meaningful way stop before Candlekeep.
Kostadis Roussos: And as you're… and again, you decide today is a good day to take a long… to eat, and you decide to stop at the Burning Wizard Inn, which took its name decades ago from a wizard burned alive during a much earlier dragon cult uprising.
Kostadis Roussos: The engine…
Ben Pfaff: Why is the Dragon Cult.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, it's… yes, it is. The innkeeper, an old gnome named Festroon, will tell you… tells you the story, when someone buys a second pint.
Kostadis Roussos: And, always points to a suit mark on the south wall. That is where he fell. We scrub the floor every season. We do not paint over the wall. My grandfather said the wall remembers.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, as the, as the, the, the 80… the evening, continues, and, traveling bard.
Kostadis Roussos: appears, and I was very excited to perform, she's very excited to perform.
Kostadis Roussos: And she, she, and so she, she, you know, she goes on her, you know, her usual set, and then her closing number every night this season is she goes, and this one, this one goes out to all of you who believe in, in, in, in a, in a, who believe in things, in, in,
Kostadis Roussos: who believe that some… that everything is possible. That Kenku could not fly.
Kostadis Roussos: So, she… it's a four-verse drumming, drinking song with a chorus.
Kostadis Roussos: The burning wizards all sing along, and then the verse says, Oh, the Kenku could not fly, but he flew in his black hood, in his black hood, and his black hood. The raven thief who learned to steal no more, save what was needed, said the small, wise man at his side.
Kostadis Roussos: There's a, you know… The chorus repeats as Black Hood, and after she's done.
Kostadis Roussos: Goes, she asks for any requests.
Ben Pfaff: You know, we've heard a lot about, a lot about Stroud, maybe a, maybe a song of, of, of his, .
Kostadis Roussos: Of course.
Ben Pfaff: his feet.
Kostadis Roussos: she, she, she looks at you funny and notices that you're a cleric of Bahamut.
Kostadis Roussos: And asks the question.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, that's all… those… those… she… she looks at you and goes, so where do you… where are you? Are you a Bahamatian? A Stroudite?
Ben Pfaff: I, I am a Bahamutian, but for sentimentality, all I, all I can like is Stroud.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so she, she then.
Ben Pfaff: And I, and I, I, I give her a silver piece.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you give her a silver piece. Well, with that generosity, she proceeds to sing a song at puzzling the question of what exactly happened during the game of chess.
Kostadis Roussos: And what does that mean? And it goes to the usual claptrap about love and emotions and, you know, flowers, and, you know, she turns it into a love song involving drinking.
Ben Pfaff: The only love I remember during the previous campaign involved giants, and it wasn't Strouds, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Yeah.
Ben Pfaff: You know, these things have to be done with a grain of salt.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, exactly. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: While you're sitting there, Daz notices a young human scholar.
Mike Hall: A human scholar, or a young human scholar?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, hold on.
Mike Hall: Because those seem like those might be different things. I could be wrong.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, roll an insight check, Dev.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Mike Hall: Insight, here it comes.
Mike Hall: 1. Eight?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, does anyone want to help him?
Ben Pfaff: Sure, I'll help.
Mike Hall: 7?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, well, nothing happens. Alright.
Mike Hall: Jazz is a little clueless today.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, although…
Mike Hall: He's been playing a lot with his new bracer.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, right.
Mike Hall: Whatever I got.
Joe Beda: He doesn't have the bracers yet, apparently, right?
Mike Hall: No, I got him, I thought.
Joe Beda: Was that before? This is a flashback. Did we get the bracers before or after this?
Mike Hall: Oh, yeah, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: But we got them in water.
Mike Hall: Wait, no, I got a ring of protection, right? Or did I get razors?
Kostadis Roussos: Ring of protection.
Mike Hall: I got a ring of protection, because the braces were too expensive.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, right. Just so you know, alright, so.
Mike Hall: Can I roll investigation? Because I have advantage on that, and it's plus 8. Or does it have to be insight?
Kostadis Roussos: You can roll invest… okay, so you can roll investigation, yes.
Mike Hall: How about 23?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, you suddenly get a real… you suddenly…
Kostadis Roussos: So, you've been having this, like.
Kostadis Roussos: Slight headache for the last little bit.
Kostadis Roussos: But you haven't paid much attention to it, probably blaming it on being on the surface world, too much sunlight, and the like.
Mike Hall: I've had a headache, you're saying?
Kostadis Roussos: You know, it's kind of, like, been the back of your head. Okay. Right?
Mike Hall: It has been a while since I've been outside in the sun this long.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, strictly… speaking… You can't remember ever having been being on the surface rules.
Mike Hall: That's true.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Strictly speaking, you don't recall. But.
Mike Hall: Yeah, I'm a little bit of an amnesiac before we were… we started this whole thing, right? Like, I remember being in jail with these Yahoos, and that's about it.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and you remember things about Menzo Bronzen, but you don't remember details. There's all sorts of… there's all sorts of details that seem to escape, which is great, because as a player, you don't actually know anything about drought culture, so this fits perfectly.
Mike Hall: Which is good.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes. What you do notice as you stare at the guy, your headache kind of clicks, and then it's… and then you notice that
Kostadis Roussos: the… Person saying the chance is…
Kostadis Roussos: Almost right, and is wrong by a hair.
Mike Hall: Oh, so I actually know the chant, and I know.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no.
Mike Hall: Know it enough to know it's wrong.
Kostadis Roussos: No, you know enough that the guy's pattern of breath is almost right. And it's like, how he's breathing, how he's talking is off.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. So, you also notice it's the same pattern as the Elred had, who was the guy who was insane in an earlier part of this adventure, and the Field Ward Preacher. So, it's, again, that same pattern of…
Kostadis Roussos: Of, of something going wrong.
Mike Hall: The way they, like, syncopate their breath, or their…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Mike Hall: Or something. Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Mike Hall: So, and so… and the other guy was crazy, so… and then this is me noticing him talking to,
Mike Hall: Like, in the conversation that was just being had.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah. No, I mean, he's, like, reading… he's reciting a chant, and you're noticing that his chant is off. Like, there's something off about his chant. Okay. You can write… take a note of what that chant is and write it down, perhaps ask inside of Candlekeep if they know anything.
Mike Hall: Yeah, sure, I'll do that.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Mike Hall: I'm gonna…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright,
Kostadis Roussos: So, you know, Thorin is standing in Beregos at night. There's the sea, there's the wind, he's never been near the sea or the wind, I mean, he grew up in the mountains.
Kostadis Roussos: Does he… is there anything he contemplates while he's staring at the sea and the wind?
Joe Beda: Oh, I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, something, you know, he's, he's…
Kostadis Roussos: He's just been underground for a few months, now he's on the sea, he's there sitting with Don Bringer, who's, you know, brightly lit up everything, making it impossible to see anything.
Kostadis Roussos: Because, you know, Dodd Breeder doesn't like the dark.
Joe Beda: I'm just contemplating that, like, life takes you in weird directions in weird places.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Joe Beda: You just gotta go with it.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. And, Zaltir, you know, decides that there's too many people, so he climbers onto the top of the roof of the inn, and does he see anything? Does he, like, pay attention to anything?
Gabe: I mean… In conclusion.
Gabe: Sure, in contemplating… reality and being at peace, does something obviously interrupt such meditation?
Kostadis Roussos: No, actually, it's… you're actually curiously disappointed, perhaps, that nothing happens?
Gabe: Sounds wonderful.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, maybe you recall a lesson that you had forgotten, and think maybe the guys who talked about all of that meditation had something going?
Gabe: Hmm, true.
Kostadis Roussos: Can clearly push that thought a little?
Gabe: Sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, sorry. All right, the road from Barragos to Candlekeep takes some morning walks, and the way of the lion runs along the cliffs above the Sea of Swords. The keep is visible from miles out.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Ben Pfaff: I bet it's a nice view.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, they've got all those islands there?
Kostadis Roussos: Your pressure headache, by the way, starts to…
Kostadis Roussos: become a little bit more intense as you approach Candlekeep.
Mike Hall: My headache is?
Joe Beda: y'all have the headache, or just?
Kostadis Roussos: No, it's just, in, Daz.
Mike Hall: I wonder why I'm having such a bad headache.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, it's something you could always ask. You know, it might be the sun, it might be the weather.
Mike Hall: Do I… do I have anybody, like… I mean, I can ask the group here, but I don't know if any of them are gonna know.
Mike Hall: Do I have any, like, intrinsic idea of, like.
Mike Hall: Who I might be able to ask?
Mike Hall: Maybe once we get to Candle Keep, I'll…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, ask, ask someone.
Ben Pfaff: Does it seem related at all to how the other person was hearing voices?
Kostadis Roussos: Role in investigation.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, this isn't gonna go well.
Kostadis Roussos: Or, medicine. Medicine…
Ben Pfaff: Oh, okay.
Ben Pfaff: 23.
Mike Hall: That sounds good.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, no, it's not. And it is, in some curious way. Like, there's something, obviously.
Kostadis Roussos: It's something you don't know anything about, but you do sense something is wrong.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? So you can't pinpoint it, you don't have enough experience or knowledge about it, but it does feel that there is something
Ben Pfaff: There's some kind of tenuous connection there?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, there's some kind of tenuous connection there.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, and so finally, you arrive inside of Candlekeep. Yay! So we're inside of Candlekeep, and back to Day 1. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you've just, you've just arrived.
Kostadis Roussos: And you've given up your books, yes?
Ben Pfaff: Yes?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, right.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, I forgot about the books.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, you get, you know?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, and let me just show you the map of Waterdeep, of the Kendall Keep. I do have it. Did I? Yes, I do. There we go.
Ben Pfaff: If I remember right, we were…
Ben Pfaff: being given some sort of favorable treatment because of the books, but maybe we already did that.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, you were given some favorable treatment by the, by his, Lordship the First Reader.
Kostadis Roussos: Relationship, actually.
Ben Pfaff: The first reader, I like that.
Kostadis Roussos: They're the first reader, she's, you know,
Kostadis Roussos: So she… yes, you were given… you were given some favorable treatment, as a result. Okay, so let me get to… okay, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the first reader, her name is Bookworm.
Kostadis Roussos: He's a dragonborn sage.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep, Bookworm.
Kostadis Roussos: She's heard them all, she knows, and she assigns Daz to Sister Yvonne, Zaltir to Brother Kel, Thorin to Master Archivist Philemon, and Grigam to either Varith.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so as you, as you may have recalled, but before she goes.
Kostadis Roussos: She, she notices that she wants to discuss the reduced housed siren spy in the bag of holding.
Kostadis Roussos: And…
Ben Pfaff: We've been caught.
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, well! And so the gate warden, Callan Strongbench, arrives.
Kostadis Roussos: He is summoned in Horizon, the Arcadium, and declares, The bell tower has cells! Comfortable, localized anti-magic. They are very rarely used. Anyone we find guilty of a major offense is exiled rather than imprisoned. Which is to say, we hold prisoners. We do not keep them. If you give her to us, what you are giving us is a delay. We will not deliver to the house Taran, and we will not execute her. Eventually, we will release her at our gate with the warning.
Kostadis Roussos: If you need something else, you will need to do it yourselves.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to keep?
Joe Beda: Wait, I'm confused.
Ben Pfaff: This is all about Glavigal?
Kostadis Roussos: No, this is about the little spy, remember the littlest spy in all of Faroon? You guys shrunk a drought into a…
Joe Beda: Yeah, yeah, yeah, forgot about her.
Ben Pfaff: Perhaps I…
Kostadis Roussos: You forgot about me!
Ben Pfaff: Perhaps that was the one where I missed the silver one.
Mike Hall: I thought Ivagoo and the spy were, like, friends now, and it was cool.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so that… no, no, so just to be clear, Globugul is watching her with 12…
Kostadis Roussos: pseudo-eyes. She's kind of creeped out about Glabogul. She's also very offended and upset, and frankly, quite frankly, she thinks this is an outrageous, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: outrageous and unacceptable, turn of events, and that I, I, I, I want to… that she, that she, she demands to be released.
Mike Hall: That you want to be released in your small form?
Kostadis Roussos: No, I want to be in my normal size!
Mike Hall: Because you won't get very…
Joe Beda: How far has you are, right?
Mike Hall: So you don't want to be released, you actually want to be rem…
Mike Hall: you want to recover your original size, and then maybe be released. Because if we release you and you run off, then how are we going to make you your regular size?
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, you are just… look, she turns to Colin. This… I am a prisoner here, and I wish to be put into jail by the Candlekeep guards! The Candle… the head of Candlekeep looks at it and says, I, you know, this is…
Kostadis Roussos: I'm sorry, but, you know, you are a guest of Candlekeep, and a member of this community of adventurers. It's up to them if they wish to hand us… to hand you over to us.
Kostadis Roussos: Just to be clear.
Joe Beda: We keep her, what's the deal?
Kostadis Roussos: No, you can keep her, it's up to you.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, it's up to you, you don't have to do anything, I'm just saying, like, the, the…
Joe Beda: Wait, then why did they even bring it up?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, because, you know, if you're carrying a small little drow as a prisoner, maybe you want to leave her behind.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. They're trying to be courteous, right? They're saying, you know, we noticed you had a problem there, and we're trying to help you, right? When you went through the gate, you had to open up the bag to show Glabagul, and there was the, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: Miniature spot. Miniature spot.
Ben Pfaff: I'm surprised we aren't getting in trouble over Globagool, I thought we had to smuggle him in.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, Glavagul is, glavagul is sentient, and you brought a book, and this is Candlekeep, right?
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, okay, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, he's… in fact, Glad Agul has a question.
Ben Pfaff: Oh.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, jeez.
Kostadis Roussos: Which he will reveal in due time.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, God.
Kostadis Roussos: You will… yes, you were gonna say, Joe?
Joe Beda: Oh, no, I was,
Joe Beda: I just inhaled. Sorry. I'm just thinking, does Glab Agul have an opinion on what we should do with it?
Mike Hall: Yeah.
Joe Beda: Or mini draw? Or micro?
Kostadis Roussos: He goes.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, you know, he goes, I'm so glad you asked. I'm so glad you asked. I think I have been doing a lot of prison watching for the last few days, and quite frankly, I'm kind of bored of doing it.
Kostadis Roussos: But, she does provide something for me to entertain myself with.
Joe Beda: Oh, how does she entertain you? Does she dance? Does she, like, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: No, she keeps trying to kill me!
Kostadis Roussos: And then…
Joe Beda: That could be entertaining.
Kostadis Roussos: and then I slap her around, and then she tries to run away, but there's nowhere to run away to, so I just sort of expand, and then she's trapped, and then she starts screaming at me, and then I try to explain to her how the way of the shadow bunk is to be quiet, and that she should learn meditation, and then she screams at me about the meditation, and then we talk about things.
Kostadis Roussos: We've become great friends!
Joe Beda: I feel the same way about meditation, gotta be honest.
Joe Beda: So you're great friends, but you're also tired of watching her, but she's also entertainment, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Joe Beda: You seem kind of ambivalent about the whole thing.
Kostadis Roussos: Maybe?
Kostadis Roussos: Baby?
Kostadis Roussos: She goes… I mean, she pauses… Glabogul pauses. Zaltier?
Kostadis Roussos: Will I be more of a monk or less of a monk by watching her? Is this some kind of pre-monk training you've put me in?
Gabe: Absolutely.
Joe Beda: backs off.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, and since Zaltier says this is pre-monk trading.
Kostadis Roussos: And I've been practicing my standing, and again, it's really awkward.
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, I will keep an eye on her! And then, of course, like, six eyes sort of…
Kostadis Roussos: Sort of…
Gabe: Keep at it, buddy.
Kostadis Roussos: His six eyes are watching her.
Gabe: Good job.
Kostadis Roussos: She is really, she is really, not happy. Alright!
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so we will start with,
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: We will start, so, we will start with… result here.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, Zaltier is taken into the Echoing Hall in the north inner ward of the History Library inside the Ethanium.
Kostadis Roussos: Where Cal Veer's lower gallery office, where the Shadow Discipline Lineage Records live.
Kostadis Roussos: Calavier is a 200-year-old half-elf.
Kostadis Roussos: He left the Garden of the Shadow 80 years ago after refusing an order. He wears a faded Shadow Monk underrobe.
Kostadis Roussos: Under the avowed gray.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so I presume you were looking for,
Kostadis Roussos: So, as you walk in, you notice on his decks,
Kostadis Roussos: One that reads, Zaltir, the Underdark, Until the Bone King Sings.
Gabe: Huh?
Ben Pfaff: Well, there's a… we saw a statue with a bone.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes…
Gabe: I saw a book?
Kostadis Roussos: I saw a note. So, you see, people's paired with the places, blah blah blah. On Kelvir's desk is a note that reads, Zaltir, the Underdark.
Kostadis Roussos: Until the Bone King sings.
Gabe: Until the bunque… was that the name of… is that text familiar to me? Like…
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at you and says,
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at you and does that thing that used to drive you nuts with all the mugs.
Gabe: Mmm.
Kostadis Roussos: He asks you sort of this question that makes no sense, and says.
Kostadis Roussos: What were you sent, Torward? Not why were you sent here?
Gabe: Granted, Given that constraint or specification, can you clarify?
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at you, and again, you realize it's one of those annoying monk things that explained why you paid no attention to them in all those classes, where you're exposed to do the introspection and thinking.
Gabe: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: So he looks at you, you look at him.
Gabe: I've played this game before, my friends.
Ben Pfaff: Gabe ought to be good at the monk thing.
Kostadis Roussos: Then he pauses, says, is anything… he looks at you and goes.
Kostadis Roussos: And realizes that, you know, maybe you, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: the whole shadow monk thing in you was not quite working, but pauses and says, perhaps if I asked it differently, Azaltier, does this phrase mean anything to you that you have lived through that resonates with the phrase?
Gabe: Not particularly.
Kostadis Roussos: Is it an entity? An event? A person?
Gabe: That's precisely what I'm asking you.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but this question is for you, not for me.
Ben Pfaff: Is this?
Gabe: The text originated somewhere. What is the source of these series of words?
Ben Pfaff: Does anybody know who the Bone King is?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, hold on, let me just remember. I have to find this, remember what I wrote. Give me a second, I can't remember where I took this note.
Kostadis Roussos: Great.
Gabe: That makes two of us.
Gabe: Yeah, I'm not remembering a bone came.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Rola, so,
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Gabe: By the way, am I on my own? She's like, no one else is here, Gladwell's not here, I'm just…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you're on your own, but the rest of you could contribute as sort of, like, humorous, humorous dialogue.
Kostadis Roussos: So you, you, you have nothing, right?
Gabe: Bone King? No, I got nothing.
Kostadis Roussos: And then he pauses. Then your walk continues, I would be told, if it ended.
Gabe: granted, I am walking, much like my friend Glad Abugul, we're learning to walk, you know, it's a good thing.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: So, he pauses and says.
Kostadis Roussos: There are monks here in the ward who have read everything and fought… so wait, hold on. You came here to ask about Jim Jar, right?
Gabe: That was the plan, but there's this whole bong king thing now.
Kostadis Roussos: TPK, roll new characters. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: With minus 5 charisma penalty.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he goes, before you can ask this, you must pass the trial of the broken mirror.
Gabe: Go on.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Yes. There are monks here in the inner ward who have read everything and fought nothing. They will want to test you. Let them. You will learn what you do not see, and they will learn what you… what cannot be read. I will not work… be there. This is your work, not mine.
Kostadis Roussos: So, in walks, a blind half-elf monks.
Kostadis Roussos: And he looks at you.
Kostadis Roussos: And says, Give me a standard shadow.
Kostadis Roussos: step.
Gabe: Okay, I teleported.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, you skip the…
Kostadis Roussos: Third breath. You don't enter your key in the hara. You let it bleed into your fingertips like a poison. It is technically wrong in every scroll, and then pauses. And yet, you arrived at your destination, three seconds faster than the Grandmaster did. Show me what else you haven't learned.
Gabe: I mean, can I punch him? Like, how far are we going here?
Kostadis Roussos: You can do whatever you want.
Gabe: Be asked, like…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so.
Gabe: Oh, I just shadow stepped, right? Oh, this is good, that means I have advantage. Sure, let's try punching him.
Ben Pfaff: Aww. Are you just annoyed?
Gabe: Well, no, he said to show him! What else does he have in mind here?
Ben Pfaff: Oh, oh, show them what you got. Alright, alright.
Mike Hall: -
Gabe: 220s and a 13, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, so you're gonna… okay, so you think…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you, you tried to hit him.
Kostadis Roussos: And so, the sparring match goes on for a little bit, and after a little bit, you realize that it's an evenly balanced match, but you could take him if you wanted to, but he is half-blind as well, so…
Gabe: I mean, what does he want? He… so he wanted some sort of demonstration. Is he satisfied? Does he want something…
Kostadis Roussos: You can, like, do an acrobatics demonstration, an athletics demonstration, a wisdom demonstration.
Gabe: Aye.
Gabe: Of those? Acrobatics, I guess?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you have to pick one.
Kostadis Roussos: And, and you can… and you can essentially demonstrate the Efficient Strike, the Weightless Shadow, or the Eldritch Blow.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just inventing these off the top of my head.
Ben Pfaff: Essentially, you have to…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, these are… essentially, you have to do… it's a skill challenge, so there's… You have to do…
Joe Beda: Maybe, like, a little parkour level.
Gabe: Right.
Gabe: Okay, see, this character's more optimized for combat than skills. Let me see what I got here…
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so…
Gabe: I guess…
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so one of the things you could do is you could demonstrate the move you learned once upon a time called the Efficient Strike.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so that would be an athletics check.
Gabe: Yeah, you had mentioned there's an acrobatics in there somewhere, though.
Kostadis Roussos: that is the weightless shadow, Footwork.
Gabe: Yeah, sure, let's go with that one, that's the least bad.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gabe: Wonderful. I rolled a 3. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: You rolled the 3?
Gabe: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at you as you fall.
Kostadis Roussos: Very… he looks at you, goes, you have learned nothing. All right, so do you want to demonstrate another? He goes, now, demonstrate for me the efficient strike.
Gabe: It's only gonna get worse. That was a plus 7.
Gabe: Is there a different way to play this? Can I just punch him again? Like…
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Gabe: Does he take bribes? Like…
Gabe: I've got a pet spider, can I freak him out? Like…
Kostadis Roussos: You can… again, blind.
Gabe: Okay, well, I'll try… okay. What do I have to roll? You said athletics?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gabe: Great. Yeah, I rolled a 1.
Kostadis Roussos: He sighed. The corridor was narrow. The form was irrelevant.
Kostadis Roussos: Did you learn… did you not practice your forms while traveling?
Gabe: Hmm, curler, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, alright. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: You can try one more thing.
Gabe: Hmm.
Ben Pfaff: What was it, the Eldritch Blow?
Kostadis Roussos: Aldridge Claw.
Ben Pfaff: Eldritch Claw.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. Where you basically use your Eldritch Claw in a maneuver. You know that all of your shadow monks would have been offended by this, but you've, like, been practicing this for some time.
Gabe: Okay, what is… how do I do that?
Kostadis Roussos: Again, this one requires… whichever one you want, other than acrobatics or athletics.
Gabe: I don't know, is stealth relevant?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, stealth, stealth.
Gabe: Wow.
Ben Pfaff: That's slightly better.
Gabe: Slightly better, not by much.
Kostadis Roussos: What'd you roll?
Gabe: Well, I… so it's a plus 7. I rolled a 4, so I'm rolling awful, but plus 7 gives you 11, still awful.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, unfortunately, unfortunately, the monk sighs and walks away.
Ben Pfaff: He might have to try again another day.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, now let's go.
Joe Beda: Can he attack him while he's walking away? Blindside him, as it were?
Ben Pfaff: Ugh.
Gabe: us. Hmm.
Joe Beda: Or would that be a bad idea? I don't know.
Gabe: I mean, I rolled a 30 to hit, does that get me anything?
Kostadis Roussos: You literally roll a 30 to hit?
Gabe: Yes. This character's optimized for combat, not skills.
Kostadis Roussos: He, like, you actually managed to hit him. He goes, hmm, perhaps not all is lost.
Kostadis Roussos: He's actually quite impressed with your hit. I mean, it was like, nobody's hit him that hard in a long time.
Gabe: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: He then looks at you just for a minute, pauses and says.
Kostadis Roussos: Perhaps I've been approaching this the wrong way.
Gabe: The next woman.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. He goes, show me what you can do with a shadow step and this brick.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Joe Beda: Is he supposed to attack the brick or throw the brick? I mean… Smash the brick.
Kostadis Roussos: So, he's gonna throw the brick.
Gabe: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: And to the shadows, that you're gonna have to do a shadow step to hit the brick.
Gabe: Okay. That'll trick it.
Kostadis Roussos: The trick is you have to do it with disadvantage AC15… AC14.
Gabe: AC4… why disadvantage? Shadow Stepper give me advantage?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, sorry, so then just a normal, just a normal thing.
Gabe: Okay.
Gabe: So just an attack, you say?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gabe: war.
Gabe: 29.
Kostadis Roussos: the brick is smashed into a variety of pieces. Completely unprecedented form.
Kostadis Roussos: Still skipping breaths.
Kostadis Roussos: Still not taking maneuvers, but the results do speak for themselves.
Kostadis Roussos: He then pauses and wonders some more. He says, is there anything else you've learned in the… have you learned… is there any lesson from your schooling that you might bring? Is there any insight that you might have? Anything… anything at all?
Gabe: I mean, I learned how to grow shadow tentacles, and I activated my eldritch tattoo.
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at you and goes, Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: These are… very interesting. He's not impressed with that.
Kostadis Roussos: But you're gonna have to come up with some way of combining… you're gonna have to come up with some way of combining two-hit in an interesting way.
Kostadis Roussos: While you're doing thinking that…
Kostadis Roussos: While you're… while you're doing that, Baba Gul has been hanging out with you, and a sage of xenobiology.
Kostadis Roussos: Walks up to you, goes, Is it true you are teaching a gelatinous cube the way of the shadow?
Gabe: Indeed.
Kostadis Roussos: Can a mindless digestive system achieve.
Gabe: Totally.
Kostadis Roussos: Totally?
Gabe: Wait, wait!
Joe Beda: You gotta defend our friend here.
Kostadis Roussos: Are you just gonna let him, like, tell him to call him a mindless thing, or are you gonna try to defend him?
Gabe: I mean, she's by no means mindless, she's… isn't a student.
Gabe: student, he's learning the ways of the monk, he's already walking, he's already torturing this poor drow, he's doing well.
Joe Beda: Pocket Drow.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, that was actually well done. So, you do receive a vial of Resonance Blime. I'm going to drop that into your…
Gabe: Wow.
Ben Pfaff: Resonant slime.
Ben Pfaff: What does Klobagool think of it?
Kostadis Roussos: Glavagul's very pleased that, you know, is thinking that Daz sees promise in him.
Kostadis Roussos: You know? Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Ben Pfaff: Next 3 unarmed strikes… Within how much amount of time?
Kostadis Roussos: All right. So, we'll go… so we'll stop with you for a minute, and now move to, to, to Joe.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright?
Gabe: Let's assume infinite, Ben. I like that.
Ben Pfaff: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so inside is Philippine. He's, he's, he sits down and says.
Kostadis Roussos: It says… looks at you both, right? He's a therapist, right?
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, This is a remarkable specimen. Late Netherrese-era recovery, sudden worship origins, sustained darkness exposure of approximately 3,000 to 4,000 millennia. I would like to begin with a non-invasive assessment of our cane stress levels.
Joe Beda: So I say, what do you mean, specimen? This is my friend Dawnbringer.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I see that this is your friend.
Joe Beda: I don't know what to call her, but, you know, whether it's them? Is it her? He, her?
Kostadis Roussos: It doesn't really, you know.
Joe Beda: Yeah, I don't know what to call them, but, you know, it's like, we've gotten to know each other pretty well over, you know, the last stressful, ordeals.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so,
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Okay, so she's, she's, you know, she's, oh, well, this is interesting, I wasn't expecting this, I'm seeing a better bond between the two of you than I had originally feared.
Joe Beda: Well, and also, what do you mean, like, stress… what did you say, stress levels, or…
Kostadis Roussos: Well… He goes.
Kostadis Roussos: The problem… arcading str… so what we've observed… what I've observed…
Kostadis Roussos: So, so what I've observed within my long study of the arcade and these kinds of devices is that creatures, such… sorry, entities such as Dawnbringer experience profound disquiet as they remain in someone's treasure forward for millennia.
Joe Beda: I mean, Dawnbringer does have a hard time with darkness, and so that's something that we've been struggling with as a pair.
Kostadis Roussos: It goes… He goes, I see.
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at her, looks at Donbringer and says, Dawnbringer! Dawnbringer is kind of, like, flickering.
Kostadis Roussos: The corpse you were found in, was it your… wielders.
Kostadis Roussos: Don Bringer Final falters.
Kostadis Roussos: So she's kind of… the drawnbringer falters and goes silent.
Kostadis Roussos: And…
Joe Beda: The rebound relationship, I get it, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Don Brainer gets… I wouldn't have said that, I wouldn't have said that, I…
Joe Beda: No, no, it's okay, I'm being flippant.
Kostadis Roussos: I understand.
Joe Beda: This is a serious topic.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes… he goes, your sword does not need polishing.
Kostadis Roussos: She does not need…
Mike Hall: Awesome.
Kostadis Roussos: She can't be polished, actually, he realizes. She can't be polished. Your sword… she needs to remember what daylight feels like without needing to fight, and then when she's ready and you are wheeling, she needs to grieve. The first work is light. The second work is morning. We will start worth the first.
Kostadis Roussos: Did you guys start?
Joe Beda: Starting with the first thing seems like a good idea.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And so this will… this will continue in a… so then… so yeah, so apparently you've now signed up for therapy with Don Greener.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Joe Beda: We're all gonna grow out of this. Hopefully, Don Bringer grows a plus one.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, and now to Daz.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, let me just go through.
Kostadis Roussos: You're taken to the Hall of Divination.
Kostadis Roussos: We're, the… the Arcanium spectra… the Arcanium has spectral mage hands which fetch tomes for them.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you try to reach for any one of them, or do you just… Keep your hands to yourself.
Mike Hall: There's tomes all around me.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, there's… and they're flying around.
Mike Hall: Can I see or read any of… do any of them… I'm… at this point, my headache… my headache's been bothering me. Is there anything on any of the tomes that might help me with my headache?
Kostadis Roussos: No, I mean, it's just, you know, the various folks in the library, and the library…
Kostadis Roussos: Kind of, are floating around.
Mike Hall: Is there a librarian there?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh yes, there is one.
Mike Hall: Can I walk up to the librarian and say, I've had this headache, and as I get closer to Candle Deep, it's hurting. Do you have any, readings that may help me figure out what's causing it?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, she pauses and says.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, is this the question you wish to have answered?
Mike Hall: Can I only get one question answered? I'm an inquisitive person, I have many questions.
Kostadis Roussos: And then… you notice this is kind of one of those authoritarian, sort of, like, by-the-books kind of person.
Mike Hall: I need to buy a library card?
Kostadis Roussos: then pauses and says, perhaps, Daz, we could get to that after we go through the primary purpose of this inquiry.
Mike Hall: I'm in… I'm in the middle of an inquiry.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so you're in the middle of inquiry, you want to find out who the hell are you? Like, why are people after you?
Mike Hall: Yeah, that of course.
Ben Pfaff: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: But…
Ben Pfaff: Besides that…
Kostadis Roussos: Besides that, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Mike Hall: I'm sorry, I'm not myself right now, I have a bit of a headache.
Mike Hall: Psalmet 12, the Great Library.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm.
Ben Pfaff: If you're not yourself, then the question is.
Mike Hall: Where am I?
Ben Pfaff: Who are you?
Mike Hall: Exactly.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Mike Hall: Hard to say.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So… All right, she looks at you and says, It is customary when…
Kostadis Roussos: when you are asking and avowed for the information that I can provide, that they, too, provide information.
Mike Hall: Do I need to provide some information?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Mike Hall: I have a headache.
Joe Beda: a book, isn't that information?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, okay, so is that what you're.
Ben Pfaff: Maybe the thing to do would be to ask.
Mike Hall: But, like, look, like, look, no, I won't say that. That's a little flippant. I have a headache, but I'll tell you the story. This is the short version. I don't have much memory before being locked up with a few people in a jail.
Mike Hall: Because some spider thing was, like, trying to keep us.
Mike Hall: And we've made an escape. We were in the Underdark.
Mike Hall: We've had many, many adventures, yada yada yada. Now I'm here in Candle Deep. My head hurts a little bit, and I don't know who I am, or my history, and I don't know why my head hurts.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Mike Hall: That's the information I have to share.
Kostadis Roussos: Wow, that's quite a bit.
Mike Hall: Well, I mean, I skipped some, yadda yadda.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, but I'm assuming… like, she's, like, kind of impressed. Like, you just gave everything. She looks at you confused, right?
Mike Hall: But I, like, I'm not… like, I want help, and this is the library, and the librarians are supposed to be helpful.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, but, you know, you are also a drows, so she's kind of very confused.
Mike Hall: So she thinks I'm lying, probably.
Kostadis Roussos: I wouldn't say that. She's just confused.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Ben Pfaff: Almost sounds like, it's,
Ben Pfaff: performance or persuasion kind of situation, Mike?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no.
Mike Hall: Maybe.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so hold on, let me see what… let's see what I've decided to do.
Kostadis Roussos: She then… she then talks, she then says, she then says, very well.
Kostadis Roussos: And she starts to explain to you about the details of the drow houses, right? She talks to you about the matron mothers, so you now learn that each of the drow houses, noble houses, are ruled by a matron mother. A very powerful drow.
Kostadis Roussos: You also learn about the rule of intrigue.
Kostadis Roussos: that betrayal is upward rewarded if it strengthens Lot's web. So if you perform an act of intrigue, Right?
Kostadis Roussos: you are able to advance. But she also mentions that…
Kostadis Roussos: She also mentions something else that's interesting, that every time…
Kostadis Roussos: Every time… she reads a list… she starts reading a list of houses extinct within living memory, and explains that whenever a house… a house would be made… whenever some… whenever you wanted to get rid of a house, you had to get rid of everybody.
Kostadis Roussos: But if you fail to get rid of one person, then your house was forfeit.
Mike Hall: And does that one person get their old house and the new, and the house that tried to extinct them?
Mike Hall: Because they still have their old house, because they were never went extinct.
Mike Hall: Who gets, who gets the house that's forfeit?
Mike Hall: Or it just goes extinct.
Kostadis Roussos: She then proceeds to read you a story of how that happened, how a particular drow noble house tried to wipe out another drow noble house and left some blithering child as an idiot alive, and so the arrest of the drow community came and tore that house to the ground, burring and destroying everyone and leaving a black puddle behind.
Mike Hall: Okay, what happened to the bothering idiot?
Kostadis Roussos: unclear.
Kostadis Roussos: It… it…
Mike Hall: Am I the bubbling idiot?
Kostadis Roussos: She then… she goes, I wouldn't know, and she reads a list of houses of extinct within livering memory.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, roll a DC investigation.
Mike Hall: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: What'd you roll?
Mike Hall: A 20.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, she reads verbatim, the second seat, the fourth seat struck, the 11th seat, and the 23rd seat.
Kostadis Roussos: And, she… what you notice is that…
Kostadis Roussos: You notice that this confirms something is very odd.
Kostadis Roussos: that it wasn't mentioned. The word struck is a very odd word to use in this context.
Mike Hall: struck…
Mike Hall: didn't mean eliminated, it means they struck it, but maybe they didn't eliminate it, and therefore, like, it didn't happen? Is that why I feel like it's different?
Kostadis Roussos: Are you asking her? Is that…
Mike Hall: Yeah, I'm asking that.
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at you and then says, there is one house I cannot speak of in this room, not because I will not, because the public record is sealed, and I am today the public record. If you want what is behind the seals, you will have to want it through other doors.
Mike Hall: Okay. Do you have, a hint as to the other doors that I could, inquire about this other house?
Kostadis Roussos: She… does not.
Mike Hall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: But you do pick up on one thing.
Kostadis Roussos: that… This is a library that has all the information in the world.
Kostadis Roussos: And… Somebody did something to get rid of that information.
Joe Beda: A hack, and somebody edited the database, is what you're saying.
Mike Hall: Yes, it's probably a SQL injection.
Joe Beda: Yeah. Yeah.
Mike Hall: Yeah.
Mike Hall: Alright, so somebody powerful has manipulated the world… database library.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Joe Beda: Otherwise known as Wikipedia.
Mike Hall: There's people that… there's people that know what actually got deleted, but they're unwilling to talk about it while they're on duty at the library. So I have to find a different door to go to.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Mike Hall: So, is there some old graybeard scholar, person that everybody thinks is a little nutty, lives up, like, in a tree or something, and is, likes to tell stories that no one believes is true?
Kostadis Roussos: The answer to that is… so, so, she whispers to you, there are some questions that no one can answer.
Mike Hall: But they can, like, write it down.
Mike Hall: Okay, how about this?
Mike Hall: You mentioned a bunch of numbers. Like, this house, number this house, number this house.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Mike Hall: Can you give me a list of all the houses that have existed?
Kostadis Roussos: She… she… she hands you some document, but again, You see the word struck.
Kostadis Roussos: But, there's one thing that does hit you, is that.
Mike Hall: Oh, struck could mean censored.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Mike Hall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And the other thing you note is that the fourth seat
Kostadis Roussos: Holds ritual archive privileges in Menzo Bronze and Prejudice.
Kostadis Roussos: A struck-forth seat is a very political, expensive erasure.
Mike Hall: So somebody paid a lot of money to erase some stuff.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Mike Hall: I don't know my history.
Mike Hall: We have mercenaries following me around, trying to make sure I live, and other mercenaries following me around, trying to kill me.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Mike Hall: So, perhaps, I am associated with some expensive striking.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Perhaps.
Kostadis Roussos: Correct. Yes. She also then.
Mike Hall: Then you figure this out.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: She also gives you a book, Geography and Cities, Menzo Baranen, Pillars of Woe.
Mike Hall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to keep looking through the book?
Mike Hall: Yeah, I want to read through the book, see if anything, like, tickles my headache, or makes me, like, remember things like…
Mike Hall: A certain cadence of speech or breathing.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so…
Mike Hall: Yeah, things felt weird, and, like, maybe I asked the librarian about, are there certain groups that speak in a strange cadence, and maybe are doing the chant thing that I heard, but, like, would do it in a weird way that feels a little bit off?
Kostadis Roussos: So while you're… so nothing like that, but as you're looking through the book, you notice that there is a 200-year-old… there's a her… it's a heraldry book, which, you know, might reveal all sorts of names in it.
Kostadis Roussos: So do you go to keep looking through it, or keep moving… move past it? Do you, like, spend the time to carefully examine it.
Mike Hall: Yeah, I wanna… I wanna, like… and I'm looking for, like, discontinuities or something that might look like there's, like, a gap, or… I'm trying to figure out, like… I'm looking for something that either looks out of place or looks missing.
Kostadis Roussos: So what you do find is… you find a footnote, which reads exactly like this.
Joe Beda: Wait, which chat thing did that bleep come from?
Kostadis Roussos: from the… the…
Mike Hall: the Roll 20.
Kostadis Roussos: The Rolls range. Okay.
Joe Beda: Sorry, there's, like, 3 to look at.
Kostadis Roussos: By the way, you know, the half-elf monk is very confused with Zaltier.
Kostadis Roussos: you know, All about the punching, punching, not about the skills, not about the well-rounded experience.
Mike Hall: Beautiful.
Gabe: Yeah.
Mike Hall: Second Sons of the House sub-tier.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Mike Hall: I gotta tell you, the first line of this, where it says, Dazzin and Lit, small shadow.
Mike Hall: made me feel like I was reading, like, millennial Shorthand.
Mike Hall: and that I didn't understand it.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Joe Beda: Magic maxing.
Kostadis Roussos: What did your role… where did you roll for investigation?
Mike Hall: 20.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Mike Hall: I can roll again.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so… You notice that the appendix is missing, and the cut is mechanical.
Kostadis Roussos: A razor, not a natural wearer.
Mike Hall: Okay, so… Hold on. There's a reference in here to Dazes, and then…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Mike Hall: As a small shadow that has a reference to an entirely missing appendix.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and it determines the appendix was removed at least 50 years ago.
Joe Beda: Well, you know, we all know the appendix is useless anyway, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Right, exactly. I mean, yeah, I mean, I'm sorry, what happened was that you… after that, you, you looked the nursery…
Kostadis Roussos: So, you then notice that So somebody cut this book.
Kostadis Roussos: And you are sure that you've heard this name somewhere before.
Mike Hall: the dozen in?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but you can't recall where.
Mike Hall: Well, isn't my name, Daz? Maybe it's my full name?
Kostadis Roussos: Do you ask her about it?
Mike Hall: Yeah, I'll ask her about it. Who is this Dazanan?
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, it is a softening name.
Kostadis Roussos: Mothers use it for boys they wanted to live.
Mike Hall: How many years?
Kostadis Roussos: uses of it in the past three centuries.
Kostadis Roussos: The houses that used it.
Mike Hall: Most of it.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, don't worry about it. It is a softening name. Mothers used it for boys they wanted to live. There were not many uses of it in the past three centuries. The houses that used it, most of them, did not last.
Mike Hall: Does this, librarian know my name?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, she does.
Mike Hall: Do you think someone might call me Daz, but this is actually a name that, like, my mother used? Because I don't have much memory.
Kostadis Roussos: She go… she, she says, let us turn to your patron.
Mike Hall: Who's my patron?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, whoever, you're… you… did you not come here to learn who protected you?
Mike Hall: I do want to know who protected me, that would be useful, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so she pauses and thinks.
Kostadis Roussos: It is possible your name is related, but it is unlikely.
Kostadis Roussos: The houses that had those names were all… have all gone.
Mike Hall: But what if I, what if they weren't successfully all gone?
Kostadis Roussos: And with that, we will pause here, because we're almost out of time.
Mike Hall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: And we will continue next week.
Kostadis Roussos: Just so you know, Mike, you've probably figured out more than she's willing to tell. That is the insight that you're gathering.
Mike Hall: Yeah, yeah. I'm starting to piece things together. She's doing the, like, interesting, and now I'm gonna, like, be official and quiet, but, like, with enough of the body language to be, like, you're on to something, but I can't say anything. Yes. That's the gist I'm getting, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, that is precisely the gist you're getting.
Kostadis Roussos: But since… and, you know, I was gonna do Glavagul next, but I think I'll wait for.
Mike Hall: For Ben to be back.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, for Ben to be back.
Kostadis Roussos: Cool.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes?
Gabe: And Christadas, you asked me to think about how I can use to hit to do something interesting.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gabe: Earlier, we had established there was somehow I could, like, punch through the shadows, like… Right.
Gabe: Can I use that again to, like, punch and grab some, like, some shadow stuff, or…
Kostadis Roussos: Sure,
Kostadis Roussos: Absolutely. After all, you did, for example, cause a… were able to create a puncture deep in the Underdark, so you could do that maneuver again, demonstrating your extreme precision of Shadow Step.
Gabe: Exactly, exactly.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, right, okay. So, are you gonna go tell them that? Say, look, let me show you what I can do.
Gabe: Oh, I was just gonna do it, but sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Without an audience, without him seeing, just, like, doing…
Gabe: Oh, I thought he was just standing there, waiting for me, patiently.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I mean, yes, he's blind, so unless you tell him I'm about to.
Gabe: Oh, okay, sure, and tell them.
Joe Beda: Not just half-blind, is what I remember.
Gabe: I thought so!
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, half plan, half plan, alright, sorry. Okay, so, alright, roll a 2 hit.
Gabe: So a punch.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gabe: 26.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: He, he, he raises an eyebrow at you.
Kostadis Roussos: And says, although your skills… He pauses, are weak.
Kostadis Roussos: Clearly showing a lack of focus and training. And you're, you know, he basically proceeds to explain how you're doing everything wrong.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Not following the proper forms, the proper breathing, the proper posture, the using magical devices…
Kostadis Roussos: He pauses and says, there is something special about how you hit.
Kostadis Roussos: And the way of the pause… the way of the shadowback, though, is not about hitting, it's about discretely moving, and it is your combination of the shadow step and the hit that redeems your lack of skills in all other possible areas.
Kostadis Roussos: You are beginning to remember, I think, all those shadow monks that drove you nuts.
Gabe: Yeah, yeah, definitely.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, if someone were to step back and watch the scene other, you might see that you're playing the same role that Glab… the other Shadow Monks played to Glabagul, I'm just…
Gabe: Yeah, it's one level up, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, just, you know, this is how you've learned. All right, so given what you just did,
Kostadis Roussos: He, you have earned yourself a special ability.
Gabe: Hey, some training or something.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, yes, hold on, let me… I will send it to you, I have to go search it. You have to make a choice.
Gabe: Excellent.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Gabe: That's exciting.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so here's… here's the ones. Now, I will be honest with you, if I find these are mechanically broken, I may have to change them later on, but we will.
Gabe: It's tough.
Joe Beda: Wait.
Gabe: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: You know what I mean?
Joe Beda: Taking advantage of mechanically broken mechanics.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, no, like, if this exceeds the usual set of Gabe broken mechanics.
Kostadis Roussos: So pick one of them.
Gabe: Hmm, okay, I shall study these, that's exciting.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, so yeah, so yes, he was testing you to see if you know, then he kind of decides that you're worthy of being taught this, and he teaches you one of these three, so pick the one that he teaches you.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gabe: C.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, folks, we will stop here, alright?
Mike Hall: Cool. Awesome.
Kostadis Roussos: Different, enjoying it.
Joe Beda: No, this is fun, yeah.
Mike Hall: Yeah, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Mike Hall: It's good, it's a good figuring things out, and…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, good, good, just wanna make sure. Alright, guys.
Mike Hall: It's good to have an occasional break from the, hack and flash. Throw a magic missile and, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: Blow things up… blow things up. We'll get back to that.
Mike Hall: It's fun too, but it's good to kind of figure out a puzzle every once in a while.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, take care, guys, have a good evening.
Mike Hall: See you guys. Bye.